Set smartSearchField feature flag to on by default (#10648)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- New permissions page in both user and repository settings when background permissions syncing is enabled (`"permissions.backgroundSync": {"enabled": true}`). #10473
- Campaign changeset usage counts including changesets created, added and merged will be sent back in pings. [#10591](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/10591)
- Diff views now feature syntax highlighting and can be properly copy-pasted. [#10437](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/10437)

> - The smart search field, providing syntax highlighting, hover tooltips, and diagnostics on filters in search queries, is now activated by default. It can be disabled by setting `{ "experimentalFeatures": { "smartSearchField": true } }` in global settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The smart search field, providing syntax highlighting, hover tooltips, and validation on filters in search queries, is now activated by default. It can be disabled by setting `{ "experimentalFeatures": { "smartSearchField": false } }` in global settings.
```
